---
title: "Hello, Stupid World"
date: 2026-01-22
tags: ["meta", "announcements"]
draft: false
summary: "Welcome to This Is A Stupid Space - where I don't assume intelligence and instead share my stupidity with the world."
---

I keep having thoughts that I want to record and talk about, but I don't have a solid way to do it. Sure, I could use a known blogging site, but I wanted to have a little more fun with it. This site is mostly generated by AI, but the content of the posts are not (although I might use AI for editing or code examples). Basically, it should never feel like I am slopping output to you. Sometimes, I'll use AI to generate an outline or permute a topic, but I have more than enough babble in me as is.

## What to expect

I'm a pretty candid person and I seem to have opinions that are partially shared by many, and wholly shared by few.

- All of my opinions are personal, and not a reflection of my employer in any way.
- I'm a software engineer, so you might get a lot of industry garbage. I talk about AI, I might not LIKE AI or what it's doing for our industry.
- I get REALLY distracted by leadership and social dynamics, it's more likely I'll talk about that.
- I date on and off again, and it's really not uncommon for me to react poorly to the selection / survivorship bias experience that is online dating. You might get some of that, too.

## Why "A Stupid Space"?

I tend to talk in an authoritative way, and it's not because I think I'm "right," more just that I know I've spent a lot of time thinking about something. So, as long as I make it clear that I'm stupid, hopefully people don't take anything too personally.