---
title: "What does AI mean for software engineers?"
date: 2026-01-22
tags: ["ai"]
draft: false
summary: "We are losing our job either way, we might just have different markets in 10 years."
---

I'm not a game theorist, but I think it's a pretty easy argument to say that AI is going to lead to one of three outcomes for software engineers:

1. **Realization** Practically all (90%) of us lose our jobs because AI completely replaces us. This is going to start affecting the worst engineers first, then it will affect organizational leaders, then it will affect the rest of engineers.
1. **Correction** A large number of us will lose our jobs because the AI bubble pops. A ton of huge companies are over invested in AI. It's a useful tool, but the promises are overselling it and tech companies are creating an insane ponzi scheme that requires immense profitability. Immense profitability will only happen if AI replaces most software engineers. When we crash, there will be a huge retraction and many of these companies will shed headcount to help reset their profit orientation.
1. **Tightrope Walk** We will continue to walk a razor's edge of AI not being good enough to replace most engineers but also somehow being profitable enough to not allow a bubble to burst.

Roughly, I give the odds of the above scenarios as **Realization** and **Correction** both being ~48% each, and **Tightrope Walk** being ~5%. These aren't accurate numbers, but they are useful in trying to scope what's in front of us.

It's really hard to imagine any software engineer pursuing **Realization**, at least not any of them that don't get materially more wealthy as a result (So your more senior leaders want this, but 90%+ of rank and file do not, because we have retirement accounts and need insurance).

It's also really hard to imagine any software engineer intentionally targeting **Correction**, because no one really knows who is safe in that outcome. Many would feel great joy at seeing AI fail, though, for a variety of reasons (IP theft, it benefitting the top 1% of the top 1% the most, etc).

What we're really incentivized to do is to try to manage the **Tightrope Walk**, where we balance the increased focus and try to keep the market just happy enough that they repeatedly insist they see the light at the end of the tunnel. I'm not sure how long that will go on for, but I think we'll find out soon.